Update spaceflights tutorial to take advantage of modular pipeline features (#1112)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/03_tutorial/05_namespacing_pipelines.md

# Namespacing pipelines

This section covers the following:

* A brief introduction to namespaces and modular pipelines
* How to convert the existing spaceflights project into a namespaced one

> Adding namespaces to [modular pipelines](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#modular-pipelines) unlocks some sophisticated functionality in Kedro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding namespaces to [modular pipelines](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#modular-pipelines) unlocks some sophisticated functionality in Kedro.
```

1. You are able to [instantiate the same pipeline structure multiple times](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#how-to-use-a-modular-pipeline-twice), but provide different inputs/outputs.
2. You can unlock the full power of [micro-packaging](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#how-to-share-a-modular-pipeline).
3. You can de-clutter your mental model with Kedro-Viz rendering collapsible components.

    ![collapsible](../meta/images/collapsible.gif)

## Adding a namespace to the  `data_processing` pipeline

* Update the code in `src/kedro_tutorial/pipelines/data_processing/pipeline.py` using the snippet below.

> * This introduces the lowercase `pipeline()` method imported from `kedro.pipeline.modular_pipeline`

Author: So strong disagreement here :) Also experience from VS Code is that it struggles to import `pipeline` correctly it gets confused between the package and method, so I found it easier to be explicit.

> * This introduces the lowercase `pipeline()` method imported from `kedro.pipeline.modular_pipeline`

Author: Do you want to make the final call here?

> * This introduces the lowercase `pipeline()` method imported from `kedro.pipeline.modular_pipeline`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This introduces the lowercase `pipeline()` method imported from `kedro.pipeline.modular_pipeline`.
```

        preprocess_companies,
        preprocess_shuttles,
        create_model_input_table,
    )

    def create_pipeline(**kwargs) -> Pipeline:
        pipeline_instance = Pipeline(
            [
                node(
                    func=preprocess_companies,
                    inputs="companies",
                    outputs="preprocessed_companies",
                    name="preprocess_companies_node",
                ),
                node(
                    func=preprocess_shuttles,
                    inputs="shuttles",
                    outputs="preprocessed_shuttles",
                    name="preprocess_shuttles_node",
                ),
                node(
                    func=create_model_input_table,
                    inputs={
                        "companies": "preprocessed_companies",
                        "shuttles": "preprocessed_shuttles",
                        "reviews": "reviews",
                    },
                    outputs="model_input_table",
                    name="create_model_input_table_node",
                ),
            ]
        )
        namespaced_pipeline = pipeline(
            pipe=pipeline_instance,

>             namespace="Data Processing",

Author: Yes especially since we do the same for `data_science`!

            inputs=["companies", "shuttles", "reviews"],
            outputs="model_input_table",
        )
        return namespaced_pipeline
    ```

    </details>

### Why do we need to provide explicit inputs and outputs?

> * When introducing a namespace you must tell Kedro which inputs/outputs live at the 'edges' of the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When introducing a namespace you must tell Kedro which inputs/outputs live at the 'edges' of the namespace.
```

            pipe=pipeline_instance,
            inputs="model_input_table",
            namespace="active_modelling_pipeline",
        )
        ds_pipeline_2 = pipeline(
            pipe=pipeline_instance,
            inputs="model_input_table",
            namespace="candidate_modelling_pipeline",
            parameters={"params:model_options": "params:model_options_experimental"},
        )

        return ds_pipeline_1 + ds_pipeline_2
    ```

    </details>

### Let's explain what's going on here

Modular pipelines allow you instantiate multiple instances of pipelines with static structure, but dynamic inputs/outputs/parameters.

```python
pipeline_instance = Pipeline(...)

ds_pipeline_1 = pipeline(
    pipe=pipeline_instance,
    inputs="model_input_table",
    namespace="active_modelling_pipeline",
)
ds_pipeline_2 = pipeline(
    pipe=pipeline_instance,
    inputs="model_input_table",
    namespace="candidate_modelling_pipeline",
    parameters={"params:model_options": "params:model_options_experimental"},
)
```

> The `pipeline_instance` variable is our 'template' pipeline, `ds_pipeline_1` and `ds_pipeline_2` are our parametrised instantiations.

> The table below describes what the purpose of the keyword arguments in detail:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below describes what the purpose is of the keyword arguments in detail:
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, this one is not gramatically correct after my addition... I think we should move `is` after `arguments`...

Author: You're right I've updated is as follows:
> The table below describes the purpose of each keyword arguments in detail

> The table below describes what the purpose is of the keyword arguments in detail:

Author: ```suggestion
The table below describes what the purpose of each keyword arguments in detail:
```

```eval_rst

> +--------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------+

Author: I can remove, but I think it makes more sense when rendered
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35801847/148557709-6bd711b6-e203-495c-9dfe-a97be3fe1d85.png)

WDYT?

> +--------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------+

Reviewer 2: I still think it is quite unclear for someone new to this.

| Keyword argument   | :code:`ds_pipeline_1`                                                                 | :code:`ds_pipeline_2`        |
+====================+=======================================================================================+==============================+

> | :code:`inputs`     | ``model_input_table`` lives on the boundary of the namespace and needs to be declared | Identical                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :code:`inputs`     | Declaring ``model_input_table`` as a boundary input will not prefix it with the namespace | Same as `ds_pipeline_1`                    |
```
Maybe this makes it a bit clearer?

+--------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------+

> | :code:`outputs`    | No outputs live at the boundary of this pipeline                                      | Identical                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :code:`outputs`    | No outputs are at the boundary of this pipeline so nothing to list here                                      | Same as `ds_pipeline_1`                    |
```

+--------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| :code:`parameters` | Inherits defaults from template                                                       | Overrides provided           |
+--------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| :code:`namespace`  | A unique namespace                                                                    | A different unique namespace |
+--------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------+
```

> 

Author: I actually think this may confuse things - we'd have to be very careful with our wording

# Namespacing pipelines

This section covers the following:

* A brief introduction to namespaces and modular pipelines
* How to convert the existing spaceflights project into a namespaced one

> * This pattern is viewed as the modern way to use Kedro after being first introduced in version 0.17.0

Reviewer 3: It makes sense to add this sentence in this section, but it's not really one of the points being covered as far as I can tell. Perhaps just move it the next paragraph?

> * This pattern is viewed as the modern way to use Kedro after being first introduced in version 0.17.0

Author: ```suggestion
```
I'm just going to remove it as it's actually not important

Adding namespaces to [modular pipelines](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#modular-pipelines) unlocks some sophisticated functionality in Kedro

1. You are able to [instantiate the same pipeline structure multiple times](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#how-to-use-a-modular-pipeline-twice), but provide different inputs/outputs.
2. You can unlock the full power of [micro-packaging](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#how-to-share-a-modular-pipeline).
3. You can de-clutter your mental model with Kedro-Viz rendering collapsible components.

    ![collapsible](../meta/images/collapsible.gif)

## Adding a namespace to the  `data_processing` pipeline

> * Update the code in `src/spaceflights_tutorial/pipelines/data_processing/pipeline.py` using the snippet below.

Reviewer 3: Previously we assumed the project was called `kedro_tutorial` and now it's `spaceflights_tutorial`, copy pasting the code below will lead to import errors.

> * Update the code in `src/spaceflights_tutorial/pipelines/data_processing/pipeline.py` using the snippet below.

Author: ```suggestion
* Update the code in `src/kedro_tutorial/pipelines/data_processing/pipeline.py` using the snippet below.
```
